Docs: Reorganization of data source how-to files (#960)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/data-source-plugins/index.md

---
id: data-source-plugins
title: Data source plugins

> description: Learn how to perform common tasks in Grafana data source plugin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to add additional functionality and capabilities to Grafana data source plugins.
```

keywords:
  - grafana
  - plugins
  - plugin
  - develop
  - development
  - datasource
  - data source
---

> Learn how to perform common tasks in Grafana data source plugin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to add additional functionality and capabilities to Grafana data source plugins.
```
